on time
just in time
ae
Look, they are already
I found
Those people
Hello, I 'm paulo abreu and this choice
your life the place for who wants to do
conscious choices in search of a
life at work with the proposals
I'm here today in newport beach on
California
It does not say that my luck and I came here.
because of something that I write
my book is what I want about this
talk to you today
in the book I speak of a phrase a guy who
says he knows he's in a speech should
seek from the most intelligent person
of the room and I'd say even more than you
should be next to the most
smart gives more is fun too
wake up is ultimately who else has something
to inspire you who has come where
Do you want to arrive?
or have I ever done anything like the
What do you want to do and have another
sentence that also puts a book that is
our believe that the author of theft as a
artist and the show and ourique who still
did not go out in Brazil, what is that when you
is this smarter person within the
room then you need to look for a
New room, I 'm here in California today.
because I came to find the galley that
inspires me and I think the guys
smarter than I am and that already
arrived where I want to arrive in the week
past was in camboriu resort in
santa catarina with the biggest names in
online marketing in Brazil when you speak
Speak online marketing I'm not talking
only people who live are to teach
marketing to do marketing for example
I was with gentili do it right as
eurico vitor margin but also rock
with people like zico bruno de menezes
who is a guy who works with
spirituality or andré lima que
works with ft
in all my clients already know or
We heard of df we have not been so
clix and who use online marketing as
in fact a way of publicizing the
their job is what I do
also clear and one of the people who
were there at this meeting that I
I inspire too much is that chicken that is a
girl but the toy
I want to be like her was heavyset
much younger than me because she's going to
have an online result that is
simply jaw-dropping
It's amazing and this week I came
here to california to find the
great masters and mentors and
inspirations here and from tomorrow I
I'll be with people from the level of
dropoly I think it's one of the biggest names
marketing
here in the United States the blue shark that
is my great mentor here as if
identified as high coach
performance until I've just found
he here at the hotel reception
the law speaks boss to manifest in
California for the fourth time in less than
a year is what prevents it from being a great
inspiration for many people who live
online today from working online is
publicizing their work online was a
surely one of the first people
I read about online marketing about
work from anywhere in the world
everything else
I'm here today working here on
Pool side here is my office.
today and I owe this to a large extent to
hell is a book from him that now in
Portuguese does not remember the name in English
aldo spoke horwick week of four
hours something like that and he too
here are several events in
Finally a lot of super people from
and that it is the people I
I think I'm smarter than I am
much more fun and have already arrived
Where I want to go that reached
incredible results and this is a tip
for you today
read the books or watch the videos on
youtube reads the sites of the people that you
inspire and if you can and you have
opportunity taking your butt off
The chair takes the plane if you need to
will be close to the people you
inspire in brazil or out you
you have a chance because you have
people who have already arrived where you want
arriving is a big secret for you.
cut path and get faster where
Do you want to arrive and besides being very
fun and a pleasure, I 'm
doing is this glasses video
for the first time because I do not have
courage to show you my
face after two airplanes is two
goals to reach Brazil, I just
arrive and I did not even enter my room
making time here at the working pool
while my tea which has not yet been
released and I decided to make a video for
you even before you reach peace and
super excited booth and already with the
dropoly if a white rains several
people at the front desk was folks it is so good
to be with who inspires people who
I need to pass this message on evidence.
for my readers and for my people
So, these people, are you a test taker?
ae